Hello everyone, welcome back to another great lesson here with us at EnglishPod.
My name is Marco and I'm Erica and today we're going to be getting money.
That's right, we're going to have a lesson about the ATM, the ATM or automatic
teller machine. Okay, that's what it stands for, ATM. So we're going to be looking at
the language that you'll probably find in an ATM maybe in the United States or in English
speaking country. That's right, but before we begin, why don't we look at some vocabulary
that we'll hear in the dialogue? Very vocabulary preview. As we mentioned, the ATM or automatic
teller machine is a machine where you get your money, right? Exactly. And also will some people
or in different places, they may call it the bank machine? Yeah, or maybe the cash machine.
Or just a money machine or something. All right, so ATM and now let's take a look at our next
word, local authorities. The local authorities. So local authorities. So what are the local authorities?
Well, basically it's the police. The police. Why do you say local authorities? Okay, well,
authority is the person in charge, right? The boss. So the local authorities are basically the
people who are the boss of this place in that area. Yeah, okay. The police, the local authorities.
So why don't we start now with our dialogue? Why are we talking about local authorities and
ATM machines? I don't know. We got to listen to find out.
I have to get it from the ATM. Hello. Welcome to Universal Bank. Please insert your card into the
slot. I know what I put my card. Stupid machine talking me like I'm an idiot. Please input your
sixth digit. Pinko followed by the pound key. Thank you. Please select an option. Thank you.
You have selected withdrawal. Yeah, yeah. I know what I selected. Just give me my money. Please
type the amount you would like to withdraw. Thank you. You want to transfer.
$10,000 US dollars, too. The World Wildlife Foundation. If this is correct, please press one.
No, no. Stupid machine. What are you doing? No. Confirmed. Thank you for using our bank.
Please remove your card from the slot. Goodbye. No way. What happened? Give me my money.
Danger. Danger. The exits have been sealed and the doors will remain locked
until the local authorities arrive. Thank you for using our bank. Have a nice day.
No.
All right, so it's not his day today. I think he was very unlucky and I maybe he's going to be in trouble.
I know. And he was on a date. This is probably one of the worst things that can happen to a guy
when he's on a date. All right. Yeah. So, well, we saw some of the language that was related to an
ATM money and banking. So why don't we take a look at that now in a language takeaway?
Language takeaway. All right. So the guy had to insert his card into the slot. Okay. So
slot. All right, slot. And that is an opening, right, or a type of hole, maybe. Yeah. It's a hole that is usually long.
Long and it's like a rectangular hole. Yeah. It's a slot. It's never a circle. Okay. So for
example, when you get mail, the mail mail will put it into your mailbox through the slot. That's right.
Okay. Now, well, and now that he put his card into the slot, he had to input a six digit pin code.
Want to just do both together. Diget and pink code. Yeah. Okay. So a six digit pin code. All right.
Now, we have two words here that are new. Diget. Diget is basically a number between zero and nine.
Okay. So any number between zero and nine is considered a digit. Yes. So 100 is made up of
three digits. Three digits. Okay. And what about pin code? A pin code is your secret number that you
used to take money out. Now, why wouldn't we say password? password is usually letters. Okay.
And pin code is numbers. Exactly. All right. He had to input his six digit pin code. And then
after that, he had to press the pound key. Pound key. Now, this is strange. A pound key. What is that?
Well, you know, on a phone on the bottom right, there's a key or a button that looks like a number
number sign. So kind of like two vertical lines and two horizontal lines. Yeah. Two lines going up and
down. Two lines going across. Okay. So that's called the pound key. Mm-hmm. All right. What about the
other one? It's called the star. The star key. The star key. All right. So after the pin code,
after the pound key, now he's ready to withdraw money. Mm-hmm. So we heard with draw. Okay. So
with draw is is a noun. It's the action of taking money out. Okay. A withdrawal. Oh, withdrawal.
Okay. And two withdrawal. Two withdrawal is just the verb to take out money, right? Exactly.
So we have the noun and the verb. The only difference is an L at the end. Yes. So with draw,
noun and withdraw, verb. Okay. And well, he wanted to withdraw money, but something happened with the
ATM and it turned out that he was going to transfer money. Uh-oh. So transfer. Transfer. Transfer.
Transfer. When you transfer money, you take it from one place and put it in another. Okay. And
usually in banking when you transfer money, you don't really see it, right? Exactly. It's all
electronics. So you just put it from one bank account to another, but you never actually see you this
money. Exactly. So transfer money. Transfer. And now this one also has a verb in a noun, right? Right?
A transfer. And two transfer. Same word. Yeah. Easy. All right. So why don't we listen to our dialogue
for the second time? It's going to be slowed down a little bit. And then we'll come back and look at some
phrases.
Stupid girl making me spend so much money. Now I have to get it from the ATM.
Hello. Welcome to Universal Bank. Please insert your card into the slot.
I know what I put my card. Stupid machine talking me like I'm an idiot.
Please input your sixth digit. Pink code followed by the pound key. Thank you. Please select an
option. Thank you. You have selected withdrawal. Yeah. Yeah. I know what I selected. Just
give me my money. Please type the amount you would like to withdraw. Thank you. You want to transfer.
10,000 US dollars too. The world wildlife foundation. If this is correct, please press one.
No. No. Stupid machine. What are you doing? No. Confirmed. Thank you for using our bank. Please
remove your card from the slot. Goodbye. No way. What happened? Give me my money. Danger. Danger.
The exits have been sealed. And the doors will remain locked until the local authorities arrive.
Thank you for using our bank. Have a nice day. No.
Okay. So that was a little easier to understand. But Marko, there's some interesting phrases here.
Some instructions that you commonly read or hear when you're using a bank machine. So why don't we
take a look at these phrases in fluency builder? Fluency builder. Well, the bank machine told
this guy to insert your card. Insert your card. Insert your card. So this verb to insert to place
inside. Exactly. So what else can we insert? Well, for example, commonly you insert a disk.
Yeah, in your computer. In your computer. Or maybe insert a CD into your CD player.
Our DVD into your DVD player. Yeah. All right. So to insert something to put inside. Yes.
So he had to insert his card into the slot. And then the bank machine asked him to select an
option. Select an option. Select an option. Now, this is a very common phrase that you'll not only
see in 18 years, but basically everywhere, right? Like in computers or the internet or many many
things where you're dealing with machines. So it's an order that says, well, select one of these
choices that you have. Make a choice. Make a choice. Yeah. Select an option. All right. So two simple
phrases, but very useful and also very high frequency, right? Yeah. And you know what, when you use phrases
like these two, it sounds quite professional. Doesn't it? Yeah. A little bit formal. Mm-hmm. Okay.
So why don't we listen to our dialogue for the last time and then we'll come back and talk a little bit
more.
Stupid girl, making me spend so much money. Now I have to get it from the ATM.
Hello. Welcome to Universal Bank. Please insert your card into the slot. I know what I put my card.
Stupid machine talking me like I'm an idiot. Please input your six digit,
pink code followed by the pound key. Thank you. Please select an option. Thank you.
You have selected withdraw. Yeah. Yeah. I know what I selected. Just give me my money. Please
type the amount you would like to withdraw. Thank you. You want to transfer.
10,000 US dollars. Two. The world wildlife foundation. If this is correct, please press one. No,
stupid machine. What are you doing? No. Confirmed. Thank you for using our bank. Please remove your
card from the slot. Goodbye. No way. What happened? Gimme my money. Danger. Danger. The exit
has been sealed. And the doors will remain locked until the local authorities arrive. Thank you for
using our bank? Have a nice day. No!
All right, Erica. So what about you? Have you ever had any problems with the ATM?
I've had more problems than I can count. What have been?
Well I think in the last two years I've probably lost about seven bank cards in an ATM.
You get it.
Yes, in the slot.
I leave it in the slot and then walk away from the bank machine
and no bank card.
Well, I think now the ATMs,
because this is a common problem.
Now they have like a little alarm
that when you take out your money and everything,
it just starts beeping and beeping until you take out your card.
Yes, and I like the bank machines
that actually give you your card first
and then give you your money.
Because if they give me my money first,
that's all I want, right?
So I run away with my money and leave my card
in the bank machine.
Right, I think that's a good idea.
I've never seen it before though.
It's what's a land they have that like.
That's right.
What about the ATMs that you only have to swipe your card?
Oh yeah, I've done that as well
and also ruined a bank card with that.
It's liked it too many times,
put in the wrong pin code and it blocks your card.
Yeah, terrible.
Well, what about you guys?
I'm sure everyone has some experience
or some inconvenience with ATMs machines.
So why don't you come to our website
and tell us all about it?
You can also find lots more resources on our website
to help you learn English.
So check it out and until next time, goodbye.
Bye.
We'll be back.